Question 1 - Infinite Improbability Drive



The Infinite Improbability Drive is a wonderful new method of crossing interstellar distances in a few seconds; without all that tedious mucking about in hyperspace.

As the Improbability Drive reaches infinite improbability, it passes through every conceivable point in every conceivable universe almost simultaneously.

In other words, you're never sure where you'll end up or even what species you'll be when you get there.

The starship Heart of Gold was the first spacecraft to make use of the Infinite Improbability Drive. The craft was stolen by then-President Zaphod Beeblebrox at the official launch of the ship, as he was supposed to be officiating the launch

Even faster than light, the Infinite Improbability Drive allows The Heart of Gold to go anywhere, no matter how improbable.

To function optimally, the Improbability Drive needs to find out total number of arrangements of the prime factors of the distance that it needs to travel. Since this calculation of non-trivial and needs to be calculated in a fraction of time, Zaphod Beeblebrox the Forth has signed up your services to provide an algorithm that can provide this result.

Yes, you need more than just 2 heads and 3 hands to crack this one!
Description

Every integer greater than 1 can be uniquely represented as a product of one or more primes. Several arrangements of the primer factors may be possible. We will ignore all the factors that include 1 since it is not a primer number.

For example
4   2*2     f(4) = 1
6   2*3, 3*2    f(6) = 2
8   2*2*2   f(8) = 1
14  2*7, 7*2    f(14) = 2
Input

The input would consist of at most 10000 test cases, each on a separate line. Each test case is a positive integer i<2 63. This input would be provided on standard input. The inputs would consist of multiple test cases, terminated by EOF.
Output


The expected output needs to contain the input number n followed by the smallest number k such that f(k)=n separated by a space. So if input was 1, the k would be 4 since f(4)=1, smallest value of k is 4.
Sample Input    Sample Output
1   1 4
2   2 6
3   3 12

